as he met have made a friend
yeah and you costed I ran into the
trailer shut up my own so I will do a
vlog every day too inaccurate I'm will
give a new Christmas - how many days
other until Christmas
well 1:11 we're five four or five that
would mate a like the twenty odd up I
think it's like eleven days or something
you don't count the weekend oh yeah I'm
sure you know anyway but when you men my
young as they were like like like
Charlie was about like ten and killed
and Jennifer was like about nine right
and one year men I put the goddamn
Christmas tree up and then we had that
tree looking pretty I mean to tell you
both me and Tina we were less self bitch
for hours boy using noise what not about
about about twelve o'clock at night well
I'll walk in there goddamn Jennifer
declined her ass up to the top of that
motherfucking tree don't bro - tipped
off out done broke half the
motherfucking ordinance I hate that
child by discover dick drug around treat
like you'd grab a goddamn screw out of
one what are you to get on what is are
you doing is there got hours with that
tree up they took his eyelids with a
tree up i pasted her against the wall
god damn boy me time to tour the tree
all to fucking hell Michael's crying
goddamn Charlie's going
you wrote a Goose's a widow three we
will dream I don't fuck it I grab me
through that front Oh thousand good
crooks
I enjoyed that Christmas anyway Jennifer
gave later okay
god damn keep you hands up a goddamn
tree next time hey wait
next day man Tina's got instance to feel
so bad for the kids she went bought of a
live tree I'm like why you buy the
goddamn lottery for you don't know more
official use them you happy every year
or we can't use them year after year
after year if you throw them out the
door well goddamn that's really blog
like all cuz retreat blowing out the
dope anyway that's just a little
Christmas story
I'm almost out I'm gonna do more gloves
daily Porter Christmas cuz we wish you a
Merry Christmas we wish you a Merry
Christmas we wish you a Merry Christmas
and uh the dog do you want for christmas
are your two front teeth I gotta burn
out until late well I love all you young
blood open medic if with pepper mango
Grampa Merry Christmas my grandpa Lucho